# Jaadoo-Code
Processing Signals Bonus-2 Grading Scheme :  3 for reading the input 6 for the first loop for reading till the start of signal (first 0) 7 for correctly writing the second loop for identifying the end of signal 6 for correctly computing the product till the end of signal (next 0) 1 for each test case  [30 points] ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ You should follow the following guidelines while writing your code: 1. Proper Indentation (white spaces in your code). If you don't know about it, ask the TAs in your lab. 2. Meaningful variable names. 3. Adding comments for the non-trivial part of your code  Failing to follow any of the above guidelines may result in a deduction of 10%  of the total marks of the question. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   You have managed to successfully establish a connection with your old friend Jaadoo from Mars. He is sending signals from outer space and you need to continue receiving the signals till he has an active energy source. To help you understand his message, before starting the message he will send a 0 (0 is never a part of the pre-signal noise), will never use 0 during the message, and will again send a 0 to indicate that his energy has been used up. Once his energy store is over, he can never revive back to send you messages. If any data comes after that, it is satellite noise and can be ignored.   You are receiving data in the form of integers. Find the message in this sequence and decode the message by multiplying all the integers in the message. Jaadoo will always send the 0 before and after the message however tired he may be. In case the message is empty, print 1.  Input : Sequence of integers (space separated) received from the space  Output : The decoded message as an integer   Example     Input           Output 1.           0 4 -3 0       -12 2.           1 3 0 0 5       1 3.          -2 0 7 0 1       7    Input Constraints: 1. The length of the sequence will be less than 100 2. −1000≤ Each integer in the sequence ≤1000 3. −109≤ The decoded message  ≤109
